
Emily isn’t really sure what’s happening. The crowd mentality is strong here, what with the rhythmic stomping and clapping and singing that sounds more like ritual chanting with every passing moment, and all she really remembers is one of the asshole pureblood Slytherins (not a 

nice

 one, they’d gone over the lists with the prefects in the common room earlier, and the list for assholes is surprisingly short but still has upwards of ten names on it) had said something to Miranda Keitcher that Emily hadn’t heard but the tone was condescending enough that she’d bristled instinctively.


Then he’d spit on Miranda’s face. There’d been a moment of silence throughout the hall, every single muggleborn face turned in that direction like puppets on a collective string, and the little jerk had looked around as though unsure of himself. There hadn’t been any movement until Miranda’s hand slowly raised into the air. Emily’s breath had caught. 


Miranda licked her hand slowly, eyes unwavering from the boy’s, and then she’d run her hand across the skin of his face and up into his hair. She’d begun to stomp her foot in a rhythm Emily knew deep in her bones. She’d begun to stomp too, the tempo intrinsic to her and everyone around her. Nellie from Hufflepuff had begun to sing the song first, her voice high and strong and steady. There was a sharp edge to the words, her eyes and tone steel, and every muggleborn in the hall contributed to the chorus as it came around. 


The pureblood was backing away from an advancing Miranda slowly, like he’d tempted a wild beast unknowingly and wasn’t sure how to escape. She followed, fire in her eyes, feet pounding into Hogwarts’ dust and hands shaking the air itself with her clapping. She wasn’t alone, and he was, and Emily could see the moment when that fact occurred to him. 


The moment was made complete when Professor Snape stood at the faculty table, his eyes sharp and cutting when they looked down at the boy. There was an instant silence. 


“Queen,” he said finally. “Excellent choice, Ms. Keitcher.”


And then he sat back down to the sound of cheers. 
