Severus Snape looked down at the impossibly small twelve year old boy  perched in his lap, and felt the corner of his mouth turning upwards.A  year ago it would have seemed insane that he would ever have adopted  the "Boy Who Lived"; yet here he was, holding said boy in his lap,  offering comfort.His boy. His son.He had actually adopted the brat.His brat.The  child maintained a tight grip on the front of his robes, even though he  was finally asleep. Finally. The boy's nightmares were highly  detrimental to his ability to function successfully in his classes, and  their intensity worried Severus.His child should not be plagued by such horrific nightmares at such a young age.Severus stroked the boy's soft cheek with a potion stained thumb, and was amused as the boy relaxed even further in his arms.Not the boy-his boy.Their  counselor had suggested that they designate a certain part of the day  over to "holding time." It was to be a time without expectations for  either of them, but especially the boy.His boy.The  purpose of the holding time was to provide the boy with a comfortable,  safe haven every day; available without the child having to ask, while  Severus's role was merely to be that comfortable safe haven. His  son had been deprived of comfort nearly his entire life, and in both the  therapist's and Severus's minds, it was time for that to stop.His son.. . . Another night . . ."Dad?" The boy-his boy-asked from where he was currently perched in Severus's lap."Child?" He asked, looking down at the boy fondly."Do you love me?" His son asked nervously.Severus felt his throat close over briefly with emotion."Yes. More than I can easily quantify with mere words," he answered a bit gruffly."A lot?" The voice was still small."Yes child; 'a lot,' as you say."He  stroked his fingers along the crown of the boy's head, watching as the  child moved his head towards his touch, a smile working its way over the  lad's face.His boy. His child's smile.. . . Another evening . . .Sometimes  they didn't speak. Sometimes he just held the boy and they sat  comfortably in silence. Usually the boy was draped across his lap, face  up, head resting either on his arm or on the arm of the couch. On  occasion, he would hold his son higher up on his chest, resting the  boy's head at the crook of his shoulder.His son. The thought filled his heart with inexplicable warmth.He  looked down to where his arm was wrapped around the thin shoulders of  his child. His other arm was resting against the boy, holding two small  hands loosely in a one handed grip.His boy was just a child, still in need of protection.Unconsciously,  his arms tightened fractionally around his child. His boy had been hurt  by others in the past. That knowledge alone made his gut burn with  anger, but to contemplate the idea that someone might still attempt to  purposely cause his son pain now-that was just too much to process.The boy was HIS son. HIS.And he would make those other tormentors very sorry indeed for the atrocities they had committed against his child.His boy—his sweet little one; whom he would protect until the end of time, if necessary.His son.