Howell Jenkins was just a few years too young to have actually fought in the First Wizarding War, but he remembered it quite clearly. A muggleborn wizard at Hogwarts just as fear of Voldemort was ripening would have been a difficult position for anyone, but for the small boy with glass green eyes, it was a mountain impossible to climb. He had only his brilliance and a winning smile to protect himself with, so he became a mischief maker, a scoundrel, and an overall genius. It was no wonder he spent a remarkable amount of time in the Headmaster's office.
Years later, Howell had thought he had shaken the dust of Hogwarts off his boots long ago, along with his name, his wand, and even his world. And yet, here he was, once again in the office of the headmaster of Hogwarts, rather unable to slither out of this one.
 
After the excitement of Ron’s appointment as Prefect, Harry found himself looking closely at the annual letter from Hogwarts. A passage caught his eye, and he read, 

“A slight change in curriculum this year requires the class Natural Magicks for all fourth through seventh years.” 


“This isn't fair!” Ron splutters, holding up his own letter and pointing to the passage, “

another

 class? I should've drop Divination this year like I planned!”

“Why didn't you?” Harry asks, glancing down at the supply list.

“I forgot,” Ron concedes.

Fred and George slam open the door and careen in, waving their letters. 

“I'm guessing you heard about the new class?” Harry decides, adjusting his glasses.

“Naturally,” George quips.

Fred chuckles at the sight of Ron's distressed face. “Is Ickle Ronniekins upset that he didn't drop out of school?”

“Shut up.”

“I’m 

quite 

interested in this new class,” Hermione puts in, peeking in the doorway with Ginny at her side. “I've never heard of it before, but the new text on the book list sounds fascinating.”

“

Practical Applications of Natural Magic, volume 1-3

?” Fred queries doubtfully. “I'd say you've gone off your rocker if you were anyone else.”

“No, not 

that

 one,” she sighs, “the 

other 

one. 

Thesis on Incantations, Wandless Magicks, and Words of Power

 by Howell Jenkins. That one.”
 
Dumbledore seemed to know quite a lot about Howl’s life and magic in Ingary. He even took the time to explain to Sophie the best he could.

“The class you'll be instructing is called Natural Magicks.” Dumbledore informs Howl. “It'll be for fourth through seventh years, and I have already drawn up a rough curriculum.” Howl peers at the parchment he's been handed, mumbling to himself now and then, before looking up.

“So, wandless magic? That I can do. I taught Michael without too much trouble. But not Words of Power. Too dangerous to be flung around by idiot teenagers. I can give them some theoretical instruction on that, though. Maybe do a bit about Incantations and a little Occlumency.” He taps his chin. “I think the texts should be 

Practical Applications of Natural Magic 

and my own thesis on the subject.”

“Can you do that?” Sophie asks, “use your own book?”

“No one's stopping him,” Calcifer whines. 

Dumbledore greets him with a slight inclination of his head. “Calcifer, I'm glad have finally shown yourself.”

“I was exploring,” the fire demon says. “I kept out of sight. There are some lovely hearths in this castle.”

“We’ll have to connect the Moving Castle directly to Hogwarts,” Howl tells him, “For ease of access.”

“You have my permission,” Dumbledore says. There's a bit more discussion, of what to do with Sophie and Morgan and when to start everything. Once it's settled,Dumbledore offers the Floo Network for travelling. Howl finds this a relief.

He's about to throw down his powder, when the Headmaster says, “and Howell, don't forget to bring your wand.”
